Update contributors.md with contributors roles and missing bios (#1357)
alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way: book/website/community-handbook/acknowledgement/acknowledgement-record.md

This will be referred to as `contributor's detail` in the rest of this document:

> `Contributor's name`

> > * Role: `This is an optional entry for any specific role contributors have assumed in the project like, core contributor, translation lead, or committee members.`

Author: ```suggestion
> * Role: `This is an optional entry for any specific role contributors have assumed in the project. It is also a place to mention the date/year since a contributor has taken this role. Examples, "Core contributor (2018-present)", Translation lead (2020), or Code of Conduct committee member (2019-2020).`
```
